Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-csci5607-assignment-3-5-opengl-3d
<br>
Overview:This is an optional assignment. Up to 16 extra credit points from this will be added to your lowest project grade so far (up to a total of 100 points). If you have a perfect on all your projects, you will get no points, but it may still be worth doing as prep for Assignment 4.The goal of this assignment will be to get some simple OpenGL demos compiling and make some small modifications to them. The code relies on the SDL2 framework, which you can download from here:https://www.libsdl.org/download-2.0.phpA quick start guide to OpenGL has been posted on the course webpage.Run the Demos (1 point each, 4 point max):Take an image of each of the demos running on your computer. You should have one picture for each: TriangleColored.cpp, Cube3D.cpp, CubeLit.cpp, ModelLoad.cppQuick Checks (1 point per problem, 4 points max):Solve up to 4 of the Quick check problems at the end of the guide.Programming Exercises (1 point per problem, 8 points max):Complete any of the programming exercises as the end of the guide. These are of varying difficulties, feel free to choose the easiest ones. =)Submission Details:Submission should be in the form of a link to a webpage. The site should contain at least one image per question you are answering along with a short description (~1 paragraph) of any difficulties you encountered, and a zip file with all the code needed to compile your project and a working executable.